RHDIP-2188: Add entry for community plugin (#274)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/dynamic-plugins/rhdh-supported-plugins.adoc

|Azure Devops |Backend |@backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-azure |The azure module for @backstage/plugin-scaffolder-backend |0.1.5 |Community Support |./dynamic-plugins/dist/backstage-plugin-scaffolder-backend-module-azure-dynamic | |Enabled

> |parfuemerie-douglas-scaffolder-backend-module-azure-repositories-dynamic |Backend |@parfuemerie-douglas/scaffolder-backend-module-azure-repositories-dynamic |A collection of Microsoft Azure pipeline actions for the scaffolder backend |2.14.5 |Community Support |./dynamic-plugins/dist/parfuemerie-douglas-scaffolder-backend-module-azure-repositories-dynamic | |Disabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|parfuemerie-douglas-scaffolder-backend-module-azure-repositories-dynamic |Backend |@parfuemerie-douglas/scaffolder-backend-module-azure-repositories-dynamic |A collection of Microsoft Azure pipeline actions for the scaffolder backend |0.2.7 |Community Support |./dynamic-plugins/dist/parfuemerie-douglas-scaffolder-backend-module-azure-repositories-dynamic | |Disabled
```
